Update chat extension guide with GitHub App integration details (#7316)
microsoft/vscode-docs: api/extension-guides/chat.md

Visual Studio Code's Copilot Chat architecture enables extension authors to integrate with the [Copilot Chat](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.copilot-chat) experience. A chat extension is a VS Code extension that uses the Chat extension API by contributing a *Chat participant*.

> It is also possible to extend GitHub Copilot by contributing a [GitHub App](https://github.com/marketplace). A GitHub App is backed by a service, and will work across all the GitHub Copilot surfaces (github.com, Visual Studio, VS Code). GitHub Apps do not have full access to the VS Code API. To extend GitHub Copilot through a GitHub App you should join the [Copilot Partner Program](https://github.com/features/preview/copilot-partner-program).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to extend GitHub Copilot by contributing a [GitHub App](https://github.com/marketplace). A GitHub App is backed by a service and works across all GitHub Copilot surfaces, such as github.com, Visual Studio, or VS Code. GitHub Apps do not have full access to the VS Code API. To extend GitHub Copilot through a GitHub App, you should join the [Copilot Partner Program](https://github.com/features/preview/copilot-partner-program).
```
